command line SF_OP improvements (#1967)
CloudCompare/CloudCompare: CHANGELOG.md

				- {grayscale_percent} is an integer between 0 and 100 to decide when to consider colors as grayscale instead of RGB
				- optional
				- only used when the filter is applied to RGB colors
			- -SIGMA {sigma}
					- optional

> 					- nearest neighbours calculated with a radius of 3*sigma, if not set cloud compare will calculate a default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					- nearest neighbours extracted with a radius of 3*sigma. If not set, CloudCompare will calculate a default value.
```

			- -SIGMA_SF {sigma_sf}
					- optional, only used when bilateral filter applied

> 		- New option to SF_OP -NOT_IN_PLACE {sf} {operation} {value}, to create new scalar field during the operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		- New SF_OP suboption: -NOT_IN_PLACE
			- to create a new scalar field during the operation
```

Improvements:
	- Command line:

> 		- -SF_OP command now supports MIN/DISP_MIN/SAT_MIN/N_SIGMA_MIN/MAX/DISP_MAX/SAT_MAX/N_SIGMA_MAX as value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		- the -SF_OP command now supports MIN/DISP_MIN/SAT_MIN/N_SIGMA_MIN/MAX/DISP_MAX/SAT_MAX/N_SIGMA_MAX as input values
```

> 		- Rename -CSF command's result clouds to be able to select them later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		- Rename -CSF command's resulting clouds to be able to select them later:
			- {original cloud name} + '_ground_points'
			- {original cloud name} + '_offground_points'
```

> 		v2.13.1 (Kharkiv) - (03/20/2024)

Reviewer: restore the original format
